Yanyan, wait a minute, dad
You said my engagement was up to me
Do you want toads to eat swan meat?
Yanyan, you see it too
It doesn't depend on whether you deserve it or not.
I can't, you can
Excuse me.
Jiang is not talented
Just got a boarding invitation from the Dragon Club
Tianlong is an underground career
The new king ascended the throne
If you can get along well with it
There is one less
Just look at the world
That's right. That's all power.
Under one person
Yunzhou giants
Rich family
To be worthy of the starring role
Ye Yan these four
What do you account for?
Enough leaf rock
Come to my benefactor of the Liu family
Why do you have to push
Both are dragons among men
If so, my Liu family happens to have an invite tenders project
If any of you can win this project
He can not only be the son-in-law of my Liu family
I also promised to give my Liu family's foundation
Pass it on to his Liu family
Don't go through this pointless process
Give him a mud leg project like him
It just crumbles.
Wen Neng picks up the pen to settle the world
Martial energy sets the world
Ok my Ye Yan
Yes, as for the day the dragon will be crowned
I'll see it then
Farewell
moonflame
I just want to ask you one thing now
Saved me that day
Is it you?
Hey
You will know when you should know
I'm not leaving, Mr. Liu
Please!
If that Shenyang is useless to you
That old man Wang begged me